Adding WSL integration links (#8738)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Contributing/Building-Fleet.md

After installing the packages, you must use **Git Bash** to continue with the [next section](#clone-and-build).

> If you plan to use [WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install) on your windows development environment, you can configure Docker to WSL integration by following the steps [here](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/tutorials/wsl-containers).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you plan to use [WSL](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install) on your windows development environment, you can configure Docker to WSL integration by following the steps in [Microsoft's WSL Documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/tutorials/wsl-containers).
```
